updated connect-and-run and README files for local SAS (#336)
sassoftware/vscode-sas-extension: connect-and-run.md

Open the command palette (`F1`, or `Ctrl+Shift+P` on Windows or Linux, or `Shift+CMD+P` on OSX). After executing the `SAS.addProfile` command, select the SAS 9.4 (remote) connection type and complete the prompts (using values from the preceeding table) to create a new profile.

## Profile Anatomy (SAS 9.4 local)

The parameters listed below make up the profile settings for configuring a connection to a local SAS 9.4 instance.

| Name     | Description                      | Additional Notes                    |
| -------- | -------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| **Name** | Name of the profile              | This will display on the status bar |
| **Host** | Indicates SAS 9.4 local instance | Defaults to localhost for com       |

## Add New SAS 9.4 Local Profile

> Open the command palette (`F1`, or `Ctrl+Shift+P` on Windows or Linux, or `Shift+CMD+P` on OSX). After executing the `SAS.addProfile` command, select the SAS 9.4 (local - COM) connection type to create a new profile.

Reviewer: COM connection profile is only supported on Windows. Can we remove the shortcuts for linux and osx?

Open the command palette (`F1`, or `Ctrl+Shift+P` on Windows or Linux, or `Shift+CMD+P` on OSX). After executing the `SAS.addProfile` command, select the SAS 9.4 (remote) connection type and complete the prompts (using values from the preceeding table) to create a new profile.

## Profile Anatomy (SAS 9.4 local)

> On Windoews, during the install of SAS 9.4, make sure that "Integration Technologies Client" checkbox is checked If using an order that doesnt provide this option, make sure the ITC is installed by visiting the following [link](https://support.sas.com/downloads/browse.htm?fil=&cat=56). Make sure to download the 9.4m8 option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, during the install of SAS 9.4, make sure that "Integration Technologies Client" checkbox is checked If using an order that doesn't provide this option, make sure the ITC is installed by visiting the following [link](https://support.sas.com/downloads/browse.htm?fil=&cat=56). Make sure to download the 9.4m8 option.
```
